So the issue is that when we call fecche places to get the data we are getting the data.
But we call I and you will enter and therefore you load places method before that method or before that
data has returned from our service.
Now there are a couple of ways we could solve this.
I'll simply return this promise here.
And indeed then method here I will simply return this places.
So by doing this I can now go to my home fall an entry on it where I Kolditz I can then change.
Then on this end here I know I will get my places an array of places like this and I can simply set
this place equal to places to places I'm getting here.
And that should not be inside of the parentheses.
So let's fix this with this in place.
This should now work as expected when I run it on device again.
Now we should see that up on load up of the ep.
We instantly see all our places and we don't have to go to another page and come back to see that.
Let's see if that is actually true.
So in the application time to add one more place your displays selected on the map.
Open a camera and take this image here again use the photo of course edit go back.
Does looks good.
Let's now kill the application and reopen it.
And let's now see it shut.
Now Lotus automatically does looks pretty good.
So let's open the D-Del. view.
Looks good to me.
Let's close it on let's add a number place here like.
Well home to technically the same as home one I guess.
So just my home it is and selected on the map to you and it's definitely somewhere else.
So at least here open a camera and time for a brand new screen.
Maybe a tiny bit to the right like this.
So let's use that photo go down and at this place too.
Well we see two places here.
Time to get rid of the up again and reloaded one more time.
So let's see this in action.
Here we are.
Well almost.
It replaced the image of my first home with the other image it shows.
So that does not look the way it should look.
DB lasers were safe correctly but that the image part here I'm not liking dad.
So let's look into this.